[Workers] Add R2 Sippy wrangler commands in docs (#12295)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/commands.md

wrangler r2 bucket list
```

### `sippy enable`
{{<Aside type="note">}}

> This feature is currently in beta. To report bugs or request features, fill out our [feedback form](https://forms.gle/7WuCsbu5LmWkQVu76).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sippy is currently in beta. To report bugs or request features, fill out the [Cloudflare R2 incremental migration feedback form](https://forms.gle/7WuCsbu5LmWkQVu76).
```
